What is oop?
    Programming paradigm focus on objects instead of functions.
    Almost everything is an object in JS.
    Any data type that is not an object, it is known as a primitive data.

Constructor:
    Object generator.
    On Js the constructors are just functions that allows to create
    objects with properties and methods.

Principles OOP:
    Object oriented languages promote modularity and reusable code.

Two Accepted Definitions: 
    Capability to model through objects:
        Describe reality using objects and its relatioships.
            Association:
                Object capability to refer another object.
            Aggregation:
                Object capability to refer one or more
                independent objects.
            Composition:
                Object capability to refer one or more
                dependent objects.
                
    Support few principle to grant modularity and code reuse:
        Encapsulation:
            capability to concentrate into a single entity
            data and code that manipulates it. Hidden internal
            details.
        Inheritance:
            mechanism by which object acquires some or all 
            features of one or more objects.
        Polymorphism:
            capability to process objects differently based on
            their data type or structure.
                Benefits:
                    reduces coupling in our application.
                    allows to create more compact code.
                    suppor in PL:
                        overloading: Methods can take parameters
                        with different data types.

                        parametric polymorphism: Manage generic types
                        not knowing in advance.

                        subtype polymorphism or inclusion polymorphism: type
                        can be represented by a class and derived from it.

        Parametric Polymorphism:
            Method that works with parameters of any type, also 
            called generics.